don jose d resource satisfying was this
in your first reunion with a beatles so
to say that you guys came out with a
winner with a waste no i mean like you
know what about your combo with a mani
and Freddie come on back to my friends
and then guys are
and as far as your job and we're Joyner
dude
as far as the job you did with a trade
gap how happy are you with the results
good my next area 5 police work
they get someone to fix bottom here I'll
get a longer time to grab more of our
old man e55 we supply
even though you weren't with him oh
because you bought everyone's watching
despite only watch this fight how do you
think he looked tonight compared to the
hospital visit
two brothers are for a change this is
wanna get knocked out
try that is not to give up there is
going to fight the back
really this level is perfect
Dwight things in the show in the
provodnikov fight he look a guy out was
there to 15 max is my quickness kids
don't
he will find so
you stronger fitter can
what went through your head what was
going through your head down you and
Freddie and everyone when he came out
and was just like winging with
everything which nobody expected him to
do
first would suck and everyone in all the
presser drinks we're divorcing a replay
later Bobby oh yeah
please log on for every shop miss lemon
shark suits ties you out twice as fast
in heels I blink